NMS-15708: various corrections/clarifications in Sentinel docs (#6248)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/flows/classification-engine.adoc

[[ga-flow-support-classification-engine]]
= Flows Classification

> For improved flows management, {page-component-title} uses a classification engine that applies pre-defined and user-defined rules to filter and classify flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For improved flows management, {page-component-title} uses a classification engine that applies predefined and user-defined rules to filter and classify flows.
```

> The included pre-defined rules are based on the https://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names-port-numbers/service-names-port-numbers.xhtml[IANA Service Name and Transport Protocol Port Number Registry].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included predefined rules are based on the https://www.iana.org/assignments/service-names-port-numbers/service-names-port-numbers.xhtml[IANA Service Name and Transport Protocol Port Number Registry].
```
